Your real wealth is your time and your freedom. Money is only a tool corresponding to your time
It is a container to store your economic energy until you are ready to spend it
But the whole world abandoned the use of real money and was deceived into converting it to currency
A prankster quack quietly steals your most valuable assets
Your time and freedom. Welcome to the rabbit cage.
We are heading towards a financial crisis that is one of the greatest in the world.
The transfer of wealth that will take place during this decade is the greatest in history.
Wealth is not destroyed. It was moved.
This means that on the other side of each crisis there is an opportunity.
The good news is that all you have to do to turn this crisis into a great opportunity for you is to educate yourself.
I think the best deal you can make in your life is educating yourself
Learn about the history of money.
Learn about financing. Learn about the way the global economy works
Learning about the way all these men, central bankers, and the stock market, can how they cheat you, and scam on you.
If you know what is going on and how the financial world works, you can put yourself on the right side of this wealth transfer.
Winston Churchill once said: The farther you looked in the past, the farther you looked in the future
This program is to help you create your crystal ball (juggler).
To be able to see the future.
To be able to turn this crisis, the biggest crisis in human history, into your great opportunity.
The hidden secrets of money. Some of them are hidden but in front of everyone.
It is just in front of you.
The way the monetary system works is not completely hidden from all of us.
It's open, but it's complicated and people just can't understand how it works.
It is hard for them to imagine that we are living in such a hoax.
Others strive to be a secret, but the truth slowly emerges.
Such as the Federal Reserve being a private company and not really part of the United States government.
But when I started studying this, what I found was that there is no place where I can guide people where they can get the whole truth in one place.
Essentially because of this, I decided to write my book on this topic to establish the history of monetary system, the economy, the markets, and the foundations of gold and silver.
There is a lot of smoke and mirrors (blurring) in the economy, and my job is kind of raising fog in front of people.
Welcome to Egypt. This is where it all began.
About 5,000 years ago, the Egyptians began using gold and silver as the primary form of their currency, -
But it was not money yet.
Gold and silver coins were used in different sizes and weights. And with different purity degrees.
So it was still not negotiable so that each unit was the same unit as its corresponding. This means that there was nothing of real price yet.
You can't put a price consisting of a number of coins for something because they haven't had money yet. Trade was still difficult.
It was still a guess game when the values ​​were exchanged.
One of the reasons for the financial chaos that we are in today globally is that people do not understand the difference between currency and money.
Currency is an exchange, unit of account, portable, durable, divisible, and so-called interchangeable.
Replaceable means that each unit is the same as its next unit.
The dollar in my pocket buys the same dollar in your pocket.
Money is all of these things in addition to maintaining its value over a long period of time.
Even your financial planners, bankers, and accountants don't understand the difference between currency and money.
The currency in your pocket is a method of exchange. It is a unit of account because it holds numbers.
It's somewhat durable, it's portable, it's divisible means you can split it into loose, and replaceable ones.
The dollar in my pocket buys the same dollar in your pocket.
But because governments can print more and more and more of them, and weaken currency stocks, -
It constantly transfers wealth from your own pocket, from your bank account. To the government and the banking system.
The reason why gold and silver are the ideal form of money lies in its properties.
It is an easy way to exchange because gold and silver store a large amount of value in a very small space.
It's an account unit. Pure gold has the same value throughout the planet.
As the gold coin buys the same amount here in Egypt, in China or in the United States.
It is durable. The same gold that Egyptians used to trade 5,000 years ago is still here with us today.
It does not rust. It is divisible.
You can turn it into a change. It is very portable.
You can use something like oil as money. But you can not hold it on your back and wander around
It is replaceable. Pure gold is the same wherever it is on earth.
Pure silver is the same wherever it is on earth. But its quantity is limited
This is why it maintains its purchasing power. Governments cannot print them.
Over the past 5,000 years, only gold and silver have maintained their purchasing power.
There were thousands and thousands of banknotes.
Coins not supported by gold or silver, and all ended in zero !. He failed 100 percent.
Well, the paper currency, of course, is the currency that is found by order of the government.
They have their own presses, and paper money rolls are issued by those presses.
Then the order is issued to make it the official currency.
It is just a paper that has no value, but when Ben Bernanke (the governor of the central bank) signs it, and they make their sacred meeting.
In FOMC meetings, it suddenly becomes a coin.
If you look at what's really going on, it's a fool game. Therefore, you should trust them.
Well ...., the Fed is very candid about what it does.
If you read their website they will tell you it is a trust game.
They tell you that there is no intrinsic value in their money.
They will tell you that they have printed it not supported at all.
In fact, they offer all these facts.
But if I told someone on the way that this coin was created from scratch, there is nothing to support it
And it has no value at all, and its value is like the value of the Monopoly money (the famous game), they will look at you as crazy.
Is there an example in the history of banknotes, for a piece of paper that is not supported by something, survived (from collapse)?
The short answer, no.
The long answer is, no. And the reason is,
When Addison Yagin (economist) _Daily Rukonink_ (financial consulting firm),
Bill Bonner (American writer on economic affairs) asked him to index all banknotes throughout history and what happened to each of them.
Addison faithfully went to work. Within a short period of time, in alphabetical order. All banknotes beginning with the letter A have been indexed.
All of them ended in zero. He had counted half of the banknotes that started with the letter B, -
And counted 600 of them in the first letter and half of the second letter of the alphabet only.
And every one of them ended in zero ..... every one?!.
600 of the banknotes that start with the letter A, and the other half of those that start with the letter B, there are 600 of these things !!.
Not one of them is still present.
And you think this coin, the US dollar, will be the first to survive after all? I do not think so.
No, no paper currency has survived.
not a single one.
When we talk about money there is a widely accepted definition of money.
The question is, if you apply this definition to certain things that people confirm is money, do they match this definition?
Well we'll take a paper dollar for example. How will he do those jobs?
Does it store value? The dollar has lost 95% of its purchasing power, since the Federal Reserve was created in 1913.
So it is not good enough to store the value.
If I wanted to do something to get the audience's attention I would put a slide and there are three pictures on the slide.
One is a pile of monopoly money. The second is a pile of the Federal Reserve currency.
Which Americans call money.
And the last for a piece of American gold coin.
The title of this slide is: Which of these is different?
And if you know Sesame Street (open Sesame Street) or if you have kids watching it, it's one of the short paragraphs on Sesame Street.
It is really a type of IQ test for five-year-olds.
They are supposed to look at three things, compare their properties, and try to find the different piece.
Well ...., I showed this slide to a group of professors of Effie Universities (Association for the Biggest Eight Universities in America), and I also showed it to a group of five-year-olds.
Like my nephews and my nephews and so on ...
And when the professors looked at the slide, they said well, it is clear that the history of the rest of the world -
Because gold is not used as money, and monopoly money is fake, while the US dollar has value.
So it is not like the rest. But the kids looked at the slide and they said, the gold coin is not like the rest
Because the rest are just piles of paper, and the gold coin is clearly a different thing.
So my question to the audience is who is the most intelligent? A five-year-old child or a university professor at the Evie League?
Before World War I, every coin issued by the Treasury was saying that 20 gold dollars were deposited -
In the United States Treasury payable to the bearer upon request.
The money was in the basement (treasury). And the coin was a receipt they gave you as a check.
Just a check for money (you can exchange it for money). As if you went to the clothes ironer, and gave him your shirt and he gives you a receipt for your shirt.
The value is, your shirt is cleaned. Not the piece of paper that says you own that shirt.
So our currency was traded .... the piece of US dollar, was just a check (receipt) for money.
The next hidden secret is the difference between currency and money.
Money must hold its value and maintain its purchasing power over long periods of time.
As we go through this chain, you'll know that national currencies are actually a tool used by the government -
And the financial sector, to absorb your time and freedom by stealing your purchasing power.
Instead of saving your economic energy, currencies waste it.
Now compare that to the gold and silver that the Egyptians were using.
As I said at the beginning of the episode, it has not become money yet because it is still not negotiable.
But they were on the right track, as gold and silver had proven over thousands of years that it was a storehouse of value.
Gold only forms when a supernova explodes (the supernova), and remains forever.
This is one of the characteristics that make him ultimate money in the end.
You know, people are surprised that after 5,000 years, the pyramids are still there.
But what surprises me most is the coin that the people who built these pyramids used,
That coin, gold and silver that they used to trade on a daily basis, is still here today.
It may be melted and remake in the form of cash or a ribbon in a jewelry set.
But she is still with us today and is still buying something.
Yes, it is the money in the end because there is nothing else with the same rank. It is divisible.
It is permanent. It's a value keeper.
It's, uh, a unit of account. She has everything she wants from money, but she is weary and cannot be increased.
This is what makes gold the most beautiful money. What do you want more than money?
It keeps governments under control. You can maintain a liquidity system.
Governments do not like gold at the present time because they are going into paper currencies, and they will do everything in their power to discredit him as an asset (of value).
I mean, my God ... Gold has outperformed the Dow Jones Industrial Average for the past seven years.
But it is not considered a class of legitimate assets. Why?
Once again, it is the fear that gold will be imposed on the system.
In a way that restricts the government's ability to spend beyond its means.
They can not print it.
They cannot print it, no. . . Inflation
The correct definition of inflation, I use the definition of Milton Friedman (American economist, Nobel Prize Laureate in Economics 1976). Inflation is the increase in currency stocks.
Deflation is the shrinking of currency stocks. If you increase the currency supply, eventually prices will rise.
And if you reduce the stock of the currency, the prices will decrease.
This is a basin. But not an aquarium.
This is the currency basin .... and these prices.
And if you increase the stock of the currency, then prices such as the sponge in the water must rise to absorb the excess currency.
Governments never stop printing more currency and adding it to the currency in circulation.
Therefore, prices continue to rise. Not because the things you are trying to buy change.
In fact, it does not change. What is changing is the purchasing power of the currency that has less and less.
The currency is falling. And it is not the prices that go up.
The truth is, what we have now makes our world a big fake story. None of that is real.
It's all just promises. And if you think about that, about the way the currency started to spread.
You know, before we had a coin we had to barter.
I'll give you three pieces of coconut and you give me four fish ... this is a fair exchange ... coconut vs fish.
But that became complicated, so we had to invent this thing called money, so that it was divisible, a medium of exchange.
The challenge is that we lost it a long time ago. We lost things of value to be our currency.
Now we have these things named numbers and accounts. But trust me.
It is not real. It's a great made-up story.
One of the biggest fairy tales of all time, called Quantum Easing, which seems complicated, -
But it is really just a camouflage term for coin printing.
QE started with bank bailouts in 2009.
A coin was created out of nowhere, and then it was given to banks that paid themselves standard rewards for destroying the global economy.
This is a global phenomenon, but all you need to remember now is any of these processes: quantitative easing, rescue operations, or stimulus programs, -
These are all just sorcery, cheats, fraudulent operations, to increase currency printing.
I think gold and silver will impose themselves again as money and when this is done, there will not be enough of them.
And therefore their purchasing power will rise many, many, many, many times (i.e. 1 g of gold will buy you a house .... approx. P:).
Egypt is a wonderful place. There is something pleasant here, chaos is overwhelming. Especially traffic.
When it comes to merchants, they try to get every dime in your pocket, -
You are robbed until you return to your home with an empty wallet.
But do you know anything? They are amateurs compared to Wall Street.
In the past few years, I have spoken in many countries about the coming crisis, -
A lot of people think they will be fine in their country.
This will happen only in the United States or perhaps in the United States and Europe.
But what they do not realize is that this is a global phenomenon.
I'll show you something here. This ..... is the US currency reserve.
This is basically the number of paper dollars that exist.
It took 200 years to go from 0 dollars to 825 billion dollars.
And then we had the bank rescue, and then we had QE1, the first QE.
Then QE2. And then we had QE3 then QE4 and soon we would have QE57 and maybe QE382.
And, uh, that just doesn't happen here (United States). This is what the Canadian currency inventory looks like, for example.
This is Australia. South Africa. Russia.
Now, this started in 2001, which is 18 times more currency, in just over a decade.
Here is Singapore. The same story. See that. Since the outbreak of the crisis, in days ...
India. China. Every government on earth -
You do the same thing, this crazy spending deficit (spending more than revenue) and inflating their currency, and then carrying out rescue operations.
And history shows that there is no example of this transformation.
It's surprising sometimes that we haven't seen more inflation than we currently have.
Since they are constantly increasing and constantly increasing the money supply (currency), why do our prices not rise faster than they actually do?
The answer is that a large portion of the money created by the Federal Reserve is exported abroad.
I remember at the beginning of my research that I heard this expression, "The Americans released their inflation !! -."
I thought ... what is this ?! How can you export your inflation? Put it in a box and send it? What do you do?
But now I understand. You export inflation simply by sending all these dollars that you have created to other countries -
Then they send you their refrigerators, cars, anything, and their TVs.
You get the devices and they get small pieces of paper. It is a great deal for the American people ... for a while. Briefly.
Sooner or later each of these baths :) will return home to perch.
When the time comes, and as it seems it is now, when the rest of the world says: Well .... We do not want to play this game anymore.
Uncle Sam's dollars are worthless. There are too many of them.
We found something other than US dollars. Then all those dollars begin to return to America.
People: We don't want it anymore. What will we do with it?
When those (dollars) begin to come back quickly, and a little bit of money has started coming back that we had previously issued,
When it becomes a flood and begins to rush back, then we restore our previous inflation that we exported.
Then we will see the amount of money inside the United States increasing more quickly even -
Of the Fed’s ability to print it, because we are getting our former money back.
And then we'll really see what a US dollar tank can buy.
During the second quantitative easing process, global food prices increased by 60%, -
This has led to a humanitarian catastrophe for the two billion people on Earth who live on less than two dollars a day.
Those people who were already hungry. They became more hungry, and some of them began to topple their governments in North Africa and the Middle East.
Therefore quantitative easing was the spark that ignited the Arab Spring.
That's it. When you create money, you have some kind of inflation.
It just depends on where the inflation goes.
Looking at the hypothesis that you have a permanent underclass or poor class and how inflation disproportionately affects them,
It mainly affects them in the proportion of their income that goes to food.
We look at that as a ratio, and we know there are risk points (critical threshold).
For example in Egypt recently, when that percentage reaches 40% of income, it goes for food -
And the price of food goes up because of inflation, when it reaches 40%, this (is considered) historically a point where people will revolution.
This is exactly what we saw. The French Revolution was similarly because the prices of foodstuffs reached a certain critical point, where people simply found that profit and loss accounts were in favor of the revolution.
Well, it's true because when you have runaway inflation, it's a penalty for the most productive people in society.
In other words, people who produce more than consume and save the difference.
The problem is that these productive people, and savers, save money in the national currency -
Unfortunately the national currency is just a piece of official paper at this point.
So when the currency collapses during runaway inflation, the $ 100,000 that you were hoping to rely on after retirement no longer exists.
And the things that you would buy with those dollars and save them for others would not exist either, what would you do now?
So ... everything looks very scary. However, as you know, this is what will happen, and you must act rationally.
But the great news is that gold and silver are always accountable (trial) for currency inflation.
It is basically the will of the people and free markets.
When governments do this kind of thing to stockpile their currency, they devalue it, and ultimately it turns into inflation.
People feel losing their purchasing power. Because they rush back to gold and silver, and the value increases -
Gold and silver in the country until it reaches or exceeds the value of all the currency in circulation.
This process has occurred time and time again throughout history, but this time it happens on a global scale.
Never before in all countries.
This means that this is the greatest transfer of wealth in history.
So it is the greatest opportunity in history and it will never happen again in your life.
We have learned that your true wealth is your time and freedom.
Money is the trading tool that stores economic energy, which is your time and freedom while currencies leak.
Gold and silver are simply absolute money because of their properties.
And paper currencies depend on trust only and always return to their true value .... zero.
Governments do not like gold because it imposes restrictions on it. High prices are a symptom of currency inflation -
Gold and silver will always eliminate the inflation.
So that's it for this episode. Join me in the next episode. We'll see how the history of the financial system is only repeated.
And how gold and silver always win the battle between currency and money.
Until then, my challenge for you is to stop calling the coin money.
It is the decisive first step to freeing your mind from all this hypocrisy and economic sorcery and changing your life.
You can learn more by watching the additional paragraphs on our site and if you have any questions you can ask there -
We will answer some of your questions in additional paragraphs in the future.
So ..... Good luck. thanks for watching. And we'll see you next time.
good morning.
Fabulous.
What does "paper currency" mean?
It's the Latin word for "very bad car."
I am in the desert and wearing a suit.
My camel died.
Not sure about this? Huh?
I'm ready for ...., a long nap.
Hello, welcome to this additional paragraph for the first episode of Hidden Secrets of Money, and-
And its title is Currency for Money. So this is the main theme.